
Copyright 2012 by Connor Sherson
modified 2013 by Mark Weyer:
  chainlinkpagerusty.png
  roadpage.png

Copyright 2012 by Daniel Eddeland
modified 2013 by Mark Weyer:
  deepwater.png
  deepwater2.png
  plowed_soil.png
  sand.png
  sandwater.png
  tallgrass.png
  wheat.png
  youngwheat.png

Copyright 2012 by Daniel Eddeland
modified 2012 by Juan Rodriguez
modified 2013 by Mark Weyer:
  redsand.png
  redsandwater.png
  sandredsand.png
  sandredsandwater.png
  sandredsandwater.xcf
  snow.png
  snowwater.png

Copyright 2012 by Daniel Eddeland
modified 2012 by Juan Rodriguez
modified 2012 by Cem Kalyoncu
modified 2013 by Mark Weyer:
  snowcoldwater.png
  snowice.png

Copyright 2012 by Johann Charlot
modified 2013 by Mark Weyer:
  tileset01a.png
  tileset01b.png
  tileset01c.png
  tileset01d.png
  tileset01e.png
  tileset01f.png

Copyright 2012 by Jonas Klinger
modified 2013 by Mark Weyer:
  Pipes-RustyWalls.png
  Sidewalk_dark.png
  Street.png

Copyright 2012 by Lanea Zimmerman
modified 2012 by Cem Kalyoncu
modified 2013 by Mark Weyer:
  coldwater.png
  coldwatergrass.png
  coldwatergrassother.png
  ice.png
  icegrass.png
  icegrassother.png

Copyright 2012 by Lanea Zimmerman
Copyright 2012 by Daniel Eddeland
modified 2012 by Cem Kalyoncu
modified 2013 by Mark Weyer:
  coldwatersandother.png
  icesandother.png

Copyright 2012 by Lanea Zimmerman
Copyright 2012 by Daniel Eddeland
modified 2012 by Juan Rodriguez
modified 2012 by Cem Kalyoncu
modified 2013 by Mark Weyer:
  coldwaterredsandother.png
  coldwatersnowgrass.png
  coldwatersnowother.png
  iceredsandother.png
  icesnowgrass.png
  icesnowother.png
  waterlikesandlikeother.xcf

Copyright 2012 by Lanea Zimmerman
Copyright 2012 by Daniel Eddeland
modified 2012 by Juan Rodriguez
modified 2013 by Mark Weyer:
  waterredsandother.png
  waterredsandother.xcf
  watersnowgrass.png
  watersnowother.png

Copyright 2012 by Lanea Zimmerman
modified 2013 by Mark Weyer:
  brackish.png
  cement.png
  dirt.png
  dirt2.png
  grass.png
  grassalt.png
  hole.png
  holegrassother.png
  holek.png
  holekgrassother.png
  holelikegrassotheroverlay.png
  holelikegrassoverlay.png
  holemid.png
  holemidgrassother.png
  lava.png
  lavagrassother.png
  lavarock.png
  water.png
  watergrass.png
  watergrassother.png

Copyright 2012 by Lanea Zimmerman
modified 2012 by Skyler Robert Colladay
modified 2013 by Mark Weyer:
  dirt_night.png
  grass_night.png

